CISC/CMPE 457 Assignment 1
Due Thursday, September 21 at noon


You may work alone or in pairs.  Do not show any of your code to
anybody outside your group.  If you keep code on github, keep it
private so that others cannot see it.


You are to modify an image editor to

  - rotate images
  - scale images
  - scale and bias the pixel intensities
  - use forward and backward projection

  See "YOUR CODE HERE" in scene.cpp.

  Change only the code in editor.cpp.


How to run the code

  On Linux or MacOS, go in to the 'linux' or 'macos' directory and execute

    make
    ./editor ../images/strawberries.png

  You can try other images in the 'images' directory, especially the
  flower and parrot, which have transparent pixels.

  On Windows with Visual Studio 2019, OPEN THE ASSIGNMENT BY
  DOUBLE-CLICKING ON 'editor.vcxproj' IN THE 'windows' FOLDER.

  If you have a version of Visual Studio more recent than 2019, you
  might need to change some things in the project configuration.

  In Visual Studio, put the image filename in the project properties
  as a command-line argument in the Debugging section.


In the window

  Select the editing mode by pressing

    T - to translate
    R - to rotate
    S - to scale
    I - to modify intensity

  Select the projection mode by pressing
  
    F - for forward projection
    B - for backward projection

  After selecting an editing mode, left click the mouse and drag it.

    For translation (already provided), the image will exactly follow
    the mouse.

    For rotation, moving the mouse around the image centre shall
    rotate the image around the image centre.

    For scaling, moving the mouse toward or away from the image centre
    shall scale the image smaller or larger, respectively.

    For modifying intensity, moving the mouse up or down shall
    increase or decrease the brightness, respectively, while moving
    the mouse left or right shall increase or decrease the contrast,
    respectively.

Coding

  First get forward projection working.  Only then should you
  uncomment the three lines in project().

  Then get the first part in stopMouseMotion() working so that your
  translations do not snap back when you click the mouse again (this
  is a single line of code).

  Next get rotation and scaling working.

  Then do backward projection, where you'll see a difference between
  forward and backward projection after scaling or rotating.

  Finally, do the intensity modifications.  You'll need to get the
  second part in stopMouseMotion() working to preserve the
  modifications (this is a single line of code).


To Hand In

  Make a directory called 'a1'.  In that directory, put exactly three
  files:

    - editor.cpp
    - editor.h
    - README.txt     with your name(s) and netID(s)

  Create a zip archive a1.zip of the a1 directory and submit it to OnQ.

  You will lose marks if you do not follow these submission
  instructions exactly.
